=head1 NAME

Letter-Counter - jQuery plug-in

=head1 SYNOPSIS

  <!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
  <html>
  <head>
    <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="Content-Type" />
    <script src="https://ajax.googleapis.com/ajax/libs/jquery/1.4.4/jquery.min.js" type="text/javascript"></script>
    <script src="letter.counter.js?v1.0" type="text/javascript"></script>
    <script type="text/javascript">
      //<![CDATA[
        $(function() {
          $('#text1').limitLetterTo();
          $('#text2').limitLetterTo({
            allowed:          100,
            warning:          10,
            cssClass:         'otherCounter',
            counterElem :     'span',
            cssClassWarn:     'otherWarning',
            cssClassExceeded: 'otherExceeded'
          });
          $('#text3').limitLetterTo();
          $('#text4').countLetter();
        });
      //]]>
    </script>
    <style type="text/css">
      .counter{
        font-size:20px;
        font-weight:bold;
        color:#ccc;
      }
      .otherCounter{
        font-size:40px;
        color:blue;
      }
      .warning{
        color:#600;
      }
      .otherWarning{
        color:yellow;
      }
      .exceeded{
        color:#e00;
      }
      .otherExceeded{
        color:green;
      }
    </style>
  </head>
  <body>
    <div>
      <textarea id="text1" name="text1"></textarea>
    </div>
    <div>
      <textarea id="text2" name="text2"></textarea>
    </div>
    <div>
      <input id="text3" name="text3" type="text" />
    </div>
    <div>
      <textarea id="text4" name="text4"></textarea>
    </div>
  </body>
  </html>

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Letter-Counter is a jQuery plug-in.

This plug-in offers the function to count the number of characters in real time like twitter.

=head2 NOTE

Only in case of the textarea and input field can you use this plugin.

=head1 Extension of a jQuery Object

=head2 letterCounter.INTERVAL

This constant is specified the processing interval on the millisecond. 

=head2 letterCounter.isTextField

This method checks the node type.

Only in case of the textarea and input field can you use this plugin.

=head1 METHODS

=head2 limitLetterTo

This method counts the letters with limiter in real time.

=head3 METHOD OPTIONS(and default values)

=head4 allowed: 140

The character limit you wish to set for your text area or input field. It must be a number.

=head4 warning: 25

When remaining characters reach the number set with this option the "warning" css class name will be applied to the counter element.

=head4 counterElem: 'span'

The type of element you wish to choose as your "counter" element. By default it is a SPAN element, but you can use paragraphs, divs, strongs, ems...

=head4 cssClass: 'counter'

Class name added to the counter element. Use this class name as a css selector to describe element's appearance.

=head4 cssClassWarn: 'warning'

Class name added to the counter element once the character count reaches the "warning" number.

=head4 cssClassExceeded: 'exceeded'

Class name added to the counter element once the character count reaches zero.

=head2 countLetter

This method counts the letters in real time.

=head3 METHOD OPTIONS(and default values)

=head4 counterElem: 'span'

The type of element you wish to choose as your "counter" element. By default it is a SPAN element, but you can use paragraphs, divs, strongs, ems...

=head4 cssClass: 'counter'

Class name added to the counter element. Use this class name as a css selector to describe element's appearance.

=head2 render

This is private method.


=head1 AUTHOR

perforb E<lt>dev.perfumed.garden@gmail.comE<gt>

=head1 LICENSE

This program is free software; Licensed under the MIT license:
http://www.opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php

=cut
